---
layout: post
title: On Hiatus
header-img: ""
tags:
author: Will Kirwin
github: ActivisionGameScience
---

<!--excerpt.start-->
Our Game Science team at Activision has recently gone through some personell changes as well as the yearly launch of our biggest title, Call of Duty - Infinite Warfare. Although we are working on more projects with more internal customers than ever, our team is down to about half the size it was last year. As a consequence, producing new content for this blog has, perhaps obviously, fallen by the wayside. Rather than leave the blog in limbo, we've decided to put the blog on official hiatus until we have the bandwidth to give it the love and attention it needs. 

In principle, we have a lot of great content to post, but as we try to present content in a way that is relevant to the larger data science world (that is, without use of proprietary internal tooling and/or data sets), it is a significant time investment that we just can't afford right now. Although the blog has been inactive for a few months, it feels appropriate to make it official at the start of the new year and to unofficially put the revival of the Activision Game Science blog on my personal list of goals for 2017.

I'd like to thank all of our readers as well as those who submitted comments and PRs on our posts for actively contributing to the data science community. I wish you all a happy new year and look forward to all the data-driven fun that the future holds.

--Will Kirwin, Activision Game Science Team
<!--excerpt.end-->
